Support the v3 alert routes API in the incident_alert_route resource (#370)
incident-io/terraform-provider-incident: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Add the `incident_alert_route_v3` resource, supporting the v3 alert routes API. The existing `incident_alert_route` resource (v2 API) is unchanged, so this is an additive, non-breaking change. v3 moves grouping into a dedicated, required `grouping_config` (with `enabled`, `group_keys`, `window_seconds`, and a new `window_type` of `rolling`/`fixed`); collapses `channel_config` and the top-level `message_template` into a required `message_config` with `destinations`; nests the incident template under `incident_config.template`; adds an optional `when_alert_joins_group` to `escalation_config`; and drops the incident template's `workspace` binding. To migrate, switch the resource type and restructure your configuration accordingly.

Author: ```suggestion
- Add the `incident_alert_route_v3` resource, supporting the v3 alert routes API. The existing `incident_alert_route` resource is unchanged, and continues to work via the v2 alert route API. v3 moves grouping into a dedicated `grouping_config` section, combines `channel_config` and `message_template` into `message_config`, and nests the incident template under `incident_config.template`. To migrate, switch the resource type and restructure your configuration accordingly.
```
